Add CSM contracted bonus structure to handbook (#9813)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/sales/how-we-work.md

## How contractual bonus works - CSMs

CSMs are responsible for ensuring that a larger book of existing customers - both annual and monthly - continue to use PostHog successfully. They nurture customers and are product experts - this isn't a role of just going back and forth between customers and support engineers, or collecting feedback. 

> This plan will _also_ almost certainly change as we scale up the size and complexity of our sales machine! As above, we will always ensure folks are treated fairly when we make changes.

**Variables**

- Your OTE comprises a 90/10 split between base and contractual bonus.
- Bonus is paid based on logo retention above 90%, and is capped at 100%.
  - For example, if you have 90% logo retention, you get 0% of bonus. For 95% retention, it's 50% bonus, and for 100% retention, it's 100% bonus. 
- Bonuses are paid out quarterly, and in any case after an invoice is paid
  - Bonus payments are made at the end of January, April, July, and October - at the end of each quarter, we'll monitor how many invoices actually get paid in the first two weeks of the next quarter. Fraser will send you an email that breaks down how you did.

> - We count a customer as having been retained in your book if they are still spending > $1,000/month with us, so if for example you have a customer that was spending $20k+ annually who then scales down to $10/year, they obviously won't count as retained even if they are technically still spending money!

Reviewer: Disagree with this - part of the job might be right-sizing someone's spend so that they stay with us long term.

Author: What is the floor we should put here? It will be very easy for a CSM to game this by 'right sizing' someone to $100/mo, which I think just counts as churn. Maybe $1000/mo is too high.

Reviewer: $500 ?

Author: done

> - We count a customer as having been retained in your book if they are still spending > $1,000/month with us, so if for example you have a customer that was spending $20k+ annually who then scales down to $10/year, they obviously won't count as retained even if they are technically still spending money!

Author: ```suggestion
- We count a customer as having been retained in your book if they are still spending > $500/month with us, so if for example you have a customer that was spending $20k+ annually who then scales down to $10/year, they obviously won't count as retained even if they are technically still spending money!
```
